yeah final dailies foreign mall in front
I've got 125 marks I'm just about to go
do the additional elements which would
be the third and final one for the
achiever for the phone model Hippogriff
so I'm just going to look and see all
that pans I'm actually what doing this
on reset and it was the last day so I
want it to be like one of the first to
get it if not be first so I'm sort of
then so we've got
tubing there we go got a new em got a
new quest as well well armed let's have
a look at that then set speak up Malfi
Owens breach or ever so I thought why
not I've got a letter which is obviously
going to be what's this first the new
mounts which I'll show you in a sec
hello and all of your right and that's
that and so on the new dailies you get
yes obviously one of the new ones so
let's just have a look and see what the
whole place looks like another another
you on Zia these are from Kearney
entrance I know this is obviously the
moon well I can't really see anything
that looks different about less power
well I'll skip to we're using the new
mal nope so I'm just here just they're
going to grab me a minimum flow madhapur
if you get a long letter I'll read down
a bit by the server let's see what this
looks like seen a companion dog
companions weighing about where I yeah
so look I'm order picker if there we go
boom and there he is a book that nice
one it was minden a it's pretty cool and
I'm on I'm on to draw did and patch 5.2
came out what this date was its know the
sort of a lot it's no the 29
if July so this is the first day which I
got it and I stayed on the first day sir
yep anyway I'll see you a lot of it goes